




1945we scoop out a grave in the sky where it's roomy to lie1947No more fruit, no more trees, no more vegetables, no more plants pharmaceutical or not and consequently no more food,but synthetic products to repletion, in vapors,in special humors of the atmosphere, on particular axes of atmospheres drawn by force and by synthesis about war except fear.And long live war, right?I saw a lot of machines fight but I saw only in the infiniterearThe earth of black coal is the only humid spot in this cleft of rock.1950And after me came rustling ill reputeAnd bitter is the air of banishment– Like poisoned wine1951Hanging, fluttering clouds of dust,
smelling of smokeEddiesof flame and smokeMy reason demands weaponsMy reason calls to armsThe moon has no air1953and loving in the snow and sunthe weatherfilled in the flower the weatheron Dogtown the other side of heaven is OceanMy air is the clockwork of your inventions: You think I'm dead?My body is big and fatand fat with the bones of hitler and bismarck and nietzsche and truman.1954In the early March windThe sun was rising at six,No longer a battered panache above snow.... It was not from the vast ventriloquismOf sleep's faded papier-mache1956On the bottom of the skyIn the ravinesThe thunder means businessNo garden no more no south no sugar no more no soap no joyWinter is my salt my slushOn this too white sheetthe gaze is crime fir straight
oose yellow lianas I leave you to your loops
1957I in dreammake mills for Wind which rushes upangry woman comes takes bottle away "windmills" she saysWind lies down under roof of fig-tree Sun and me tooweave basket for Sun and me sheep sleepmy river sad as rainand the blood and tears of a rueful world will feel true as rainBeneath the aeroplane patches of green slip by.  Drops of pallor fallen onto the watercolour not yet dry.  Of an altogether different green if a complementary sun appears, grey when on the fleeing map a cloud passes.
1958a glowing tone of softnessonly because behind it the sky is a doubtful, a doubting night gray.the unknown device–a silver computer as bias as a block of offices at least,floatinglike Magritte's castle on its rock, aloft in blue sky–did explode,there wasa long moment of cataclysm, lightof a subdued rose-red suffused all the air beforea rumbling confused darkness ensueddo not spare your wrath upon our shores, that trees may grow upon the sea, mirror of our total mankind in the weatherone who no longer remembers dancing in the heat of the moon may call across the shifting sands, trying to live in the terrible western worldthe beauty of America, neither cool jazz nor devoured Egyptian heroes, lies inlives in the darkness I inhabit in the midst of sterile millions
1959Worse days are coming For the intestines of fish Have frozen up in the wind.In the distance your mistress sinks under the sand, It pours through her wind-loosened hairI walk up the muggy street beginning to sun and have a hamburger and a maltedwhile she whispered a song along a keyboardto Mal Waldron and everyone and I stopped breathingGnashing everywhere in Consciousness Throughout the ten directions of space Occupying all the quarters in and out, From supermicroscop no-bugTo huge Galaxy Lighteyear BowellIlluminating the sky of one Mind– Poor! I wish I was freeof that slaving meat wheel and safe in heaven deadLost in the basin of shadowthe white cobwebs and the dust on the eyelashes, particles and small pearls under a terrible rain resoled for the better on a closed life.a many-crested roof rends winds and birds, North go      snow, birds and grass, not much industry,      an antenna, airy arabesque or ear strung into wind,      greetings and goodbye, tree tree tree and treeand come from there and pass by here, and the clouds flake in the skythe sun is not called baldand htence was now heard a terrible coughing, as if someone has been breathing birds on the wing

1960A desolate wind from the city and nearer, furtherthe bells' burden, swinging fifths–it's burning!  it's burning!–of the dead march: We lived – just then! from sun to solar solderfrom salt to salty salineThe slogans used by Communism are based on a desire for peace, They are illusionary, for they are desiring an atmosphere for war. The Ancient Rain is falling.  It is falling on the N.A.T.O. meetings,It is falling in Red Square.  Will there be war or Peace? The Ancient Rain knows, but does not say.I make speculations of my own, but I do not discuss themBecause the Ancient Rain is falling.The Ancient Rain is falling all over America now.The music of the Ancient Rain is heard everywhere.I stood on the brink of heaven.And I swear that Great Territory did quake when I fell, free
1961The description of a mental landscape, the unity of the urge to exalt opposites.
1962Yet my ears still wander the skymy eyes keep hunting for underground water and my hands hold a small bookdescribing the grotesqueness of modern white society when looked down at from the nonwhite worldin my fingers there’s a thin cigarette– I wish it were hallucinogenicthough I’m tired of indiscriminate ecstasyThrough a window in the northern hemisphere the light moves slowly past morning to afternoon before I can place the red flare, it’s gone: darknessPoems are commodities without exchange value but we’re forced to invade new territoryby crises of poetic overproductionYou doctors searchingin the body of America for Capitalism’s cancerous cellsinvading her sleep,you, turning your faces away, Doctors, do not writein the stories of your livesMarilyn’s name.Her death tells all there is to know about you.Her eyes sink, become lakes.Cheap films float there, glimmering in moonlight like flies on water,projecting, with reflected light, clear upon night sky Hollywood floating sickand bloodless.To die bleeding real blood you have to lie naked
1963it was winter when he died, gasping for air and locked in the clay of the limeless bog.In the blinding fireball I contemplatetheir return when it reaches the stratosphere while the multitude of things go on, the head pressedagainst the shoulder, thirty times brighter than the sun they all return to their roots, hairsin the mouth assume the well known mushroom shape1964(the morning skygets blue and red and I get worried about mountains and mountains pressureand the rust on the bolt in my door)Under the blue sky the big earth is floating into “The Poems.”Because the curtain flutters, the wind,it is rising, the light in the fissure, the dark, behind the curtain, there is, the night, the day,boats in the canals, in bunches, the smooth canals, they steer, loaded with sand, under the bridges,it is morning, the iron paces, oars and motors, the steps on the sand, the wind on the sand,the curtains float their edges, because it is night, a day of wind, of rain on the sea,the sea behind the door, the curtains fill again with sand, with stockings, with rain, stained with blood, hanging
1965At the same time the temperature goes down, to reach its minimum, say freezing-point, at the same instant that the black is reached, which may seem strange.  Wait, more or less long, light and heat come back, all grows white and hot together, ground, wall, vault, bodies, say twenty seconds, all the greys, till the initial level is reached when thefall began.  Leave them there, sweating and icy, there is better elsewhere.  No, life ends and no, there is nothing elsewhere, and no question now of ever finding again that white speck lost in whiteness, to see if they still lie still in the stress of that storm, or of aworse storm, or in the black dark for good, or the great whiteness unchanging, and if not what they are doing.in the Future, in the Future, but now drink vodka and lament theSecurity Forces,and the Capitalists drink gin and whiskey on airplanes but let Indian brown millions starveand when Communist and Capitalist assholes tangle the Just man is arrested or robbed or had his head cut off,but not like Kabir, and the cigarrette cough of the Just man above the cloudsin the bright sunshine is a salute to the health of the blue sky.and I am the King of May, in a giant jetplane touching Albion's airfield trembling in fearas the plane roars to a landing on the gray concrete, shakes and expels air, and rolls slowly to a stop under the clouds with part of blue heaven stillvisible.Thus I have written this poem on a jet seat in mid Heaven.in the street where the sun comes and the moon comes and the cold wind in winter waters your eyes.  Say what you mean, dig it out put it down, and be strongabout it.These old housescrumble, the unemployed stumble by us straining, ashy fingered harassed.  The air is coldwinter heaps above us consolidating itself in degrees. We need a aspirinor something, andpull our jackets close.  The baldheaded man on th etelevision st goes on in a wooden way
and then we used to think it was not the wind, but the maniac scratching againstour windows.  Who is the maniac, and why everywhere at the same time….
1966To the earNoisesFrom the world Time and space Were left,They would nowDisappearWith the things–What a bodyCan doOr can makeThought Not image Or word,Tongues,That fail quiet, DesiresThat may orderWe fly forwards and look back.What heaven it was! What hell it was! People of my country,look back into the futureYou’re getting thin.  You don’t go to the factory anymore. Your life, your pain rise like steam to the skies      to the bursting pupils of your eyes. You say, “This blue– I cannot stand it!My head will explode!Someone, someone greedy, yet stately and strangeswitched on the light in my head and decided to stay forever.at the same time in the sky anorgan sounded
1967belated thunderstorms, cold Spring. Trees without blossoms.Our new language– we have to throw ourselves into it. Birches firs beeches maples, above their crowns the colors of the skyYES GOD THE DESIRE HANGS THERE UNFILLED TURNS INTO SMOKE!!I TURN AND FLY BEFORE IT, AFRAID OF THE HIDDENimpatience:  a sterility brought under accusation: an echo:in chasms: diverse liquids: colorless numbers of speech:
1968After the lifting of the mistafter the lift of the heavy rains the sky stands clearand the cries of the city risen in day26.  the……………to suck the rain27.  …………very warm on our knees28.  the long men* ++++++++++++ to eat the childrenin the holes, between hillocks……………hot…………. which is the hot windThat will kill him in a great fireSeperated from a houseIn the bleached world.  He dieslike the king of the hurricane who drawsLightning and ++++++++++++++++++++the sound, the properVoice for the saying, the murmuring, the uttering, the chantOf wheat and barley changed by murmer into animal liveliness
What shallwe wear as we travel about?  A summer suit with or without long underwear?   What            about Stein's idea:   People are the way their land and air is?The time is.The air seems a cover, the room is quiet.