l want to make sure the Patel family knows I love them like they love me. Make sure the kids in the world know I’m being executed and those kids I’ve been mentoring keep this fight going. I’m good Warden.

Hello, ain't got to worry about nothing. I am going home. I hope to see all of y'all one day. Lord have mercy on my soul. For the Flake family, stay strong. It's bad to see a man get murdered for something he didn't do, but I am taking it like a man, like a warrior. I am going home to Jesus. I love y'all, peace. Iam ready sir... Don't forget to tell my daughter...
I am ready, Warden.

I want to say I’m sorry for the things I’ve done and I hope I’m forgiven. I don’t hold nothing against no one – Everyone has treated me well and I know it’s not easy for them – That’s all, I’m sorry.
Thank you for your friendship Reverend Whiteside and thank you for your fellowship. God help me to say this statement correctly. I would like to say goodbye to mom and my brother, brother, sister, Chelsea, Danny, Johnny, Tito and Sylvia. My heart goes is going ba bump ba bump ba bump.

I love my children, Roxanne, Roseanne, Melissa, and Louis. I miss them; I will take them with me in my heart. I will keep them in my heart. Thank you Mrs. Dyson for praying for me and everyone that has been praying for me. God loves everybody and myself.

I can't say this correctly. Let's see. That's all right
I am sorry for everything that I have done. I've hurt a lot of people. For years I have never thought that I deserved any type of forgiveness. Lord Jesus Christ in my life, I know He has forgiven me, I have accepted His forgiveness. I have accepted everything. Let this be final and be done. I take the full blame for this. I am sorry and forgive me. I am truly sorry. I ask for forgiveness. Life goes on and it surely does. I am sorry for the victim's family for what I had did. May they forgive me. I don't know if you believe me, life goes on. I am sure it does. To the man to the right of me, I ask for forgiveness for you. Life goes on, it surely does. I ask for forgiveness. I am truly sorry. That is all. Let's get this show on the road. One more thing, Viva Mexico, Viva Mexico.

I have been crucified with Christ. It is no longer I who lives, but Christ who lives in me. So for the life for which I live now in the flesh, I live by faith in the Son of God who loved me and gave himself for me. I love you, Annie. You have been the best friend I have ever had in the world. I'll see you when you get there, okay?
I am ready, Warden.

I would like to say to the Magee family and the Cadena family that I was friends with David and Virginia and I did not commit this offense.
I have tried to do something to compensate the families by writing a book. I would like for the proceeds to go to the Magee family and the Cadena family.
There is someone who will be contacting them or they can get in touch with my attorney.
I would like to thank you for standing by me and loving me and carry my best to my "sun," my butterfly.
Goodbye sun, I love you.

I don't have anything to say, you can proceed Warden Jones

First of all, I want to apologize to the family of Kelly Elizabeth Donovan. I am sorry for what I did to her twelve years ago. I wish they could forgive me for what I did. I am sorry. I am sorry for hurting my family, for hurting my friends. Jesus forgive me. Take me home with you.
I am ready. I love you all
I would like to thank all my loved ones that are standing over there for all the kindness and support you have shown me over the years. Be strong. Do not hate, but learn from this experience. Just because it happens, do not think that God doesn't care. He will be with you. I will be there with all of you. I love you all and appreciate all of you. You won't be forgotten and there are a lot of people out there that love you. It has been a blessing to know all of you. This is not easy for any of us. Don't be upset about my situation, because I am not. I am still faithful and I am still strong. Just give my love to everyone out there. Don't forget me and burn a candle for me when you can. I love you all.

Victor, Gary Hey bros, I know you can hear me, I can't hear you. I was in there right now thinking how we grew up... You know how we grew up in the same house. We need to love each other like we use to. Deena, Bob we were raised in the same house, we need to take care of each other and love each other like we use to. Adela I love you, Mijta, I need you to take care of your mom. We need to love each other like we use to. Juana, all the kindness that you showed me. Taking the time to show me the friendship that you did. I can never repay that. Take of yourself OK; you see I am doing good. I am OK. Thank you for showing me that I can be loved again. You showed me a love that I sometimes didn't deserve. I love you for that. You need to take care of yourself. I am going to be OK; I know where I'll be. I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you , I love you, I love you too bro. Take care of yall. May God have mercy on my soul. I thought it was going to be harder than this.
I am ready to go. I am going to sleep now, I can feel it, it's affecting me now.

First of all for the Aubrey Hawkins family, I do apologize for everything that happened. Not because I am here, but for closure in your hearts. I really believe that you deserve that. To my wife, Cheri, I am so grateful you're in my life. I love you so dearly. Thank you to my sister and dear friend Katherine Cox, my son and family, friends and family. I love you so dearly. To my friends, all the guys on the row, you have my courtesy and respect. Thank you to the people involved and to the courtesy of the officers. I am grateful for everything in my life. To my wife, take care of yourself. I will be waiting for you. I love you. God Bless.
I am ready to go.

Sorry that I have to put my family through this. All of you know I got my peace. And I hope you find peace. And to the family, the truth will come out and I hope you find peace. I got my peace. I hope everybody has their peace. I am tired. I am going to be in your heart. I love you all. To everybody else, the truth will be known. It didn't come out in time to save my life. It is wrong to put the families through this. But when it comes out, I hope it stops this. It is wrong for the prosecutors to lie and make witnesses say what they need them to say. The truth has always been there. I just hope everybody has their peace. Today I get mine. I love you all.

Ernest, Christopher, Ochente, Mary and Jennifer tell all the kids I love them and never forget. Tell Bobby, Mr. Bear will be dancing for them. Tell Bear not to feel bad. My love always, I love you all. Stay strong Mary, take care of them. I love you too.
I am ready Warden.

I want to tell y'all, know that I love you. Billy, I love you, English, Hart and Eloise. Dwight, take care of Dwight. I'm going home, I'm going home. I'll be alright, don't worry. I love y'all. God bless and the Texas Rangers, Texas Rangers.

Jesus, the Lord, is everything to me. I am nothing without him. Praise Jesus. Praise God

I want to say God forgives as I forgive. God is the greatest. Thank you.

Today I go home to the Lord. But first, I have to say something. I am real sorry. I took family member's life and I shouldn't have. I hope that you can move on. I am just sorry. I don't know what else to say. I can't bring anyone back. I would if I could. I hope you will be fine. I won't ask for your forgiveness. God will be my judge. To my family and friends, I love you all. You all take care and somebody find Void. Be strong and I will see you all; hopefully not soon. Keep your head up. That is all I have to say.

I’m going to a beautiful place. O.K., Warden, roll ‘em.

It’s a good day to die. I walked in here like a man and I am leaving here like a man. I had a good life. I have known the love of a good woman, my wife. I have a good family. My grandmother is the pillar of the community. I love and cherish my friends and family. Thank you for your love.

To the Hancock family, I am sorry for the pain I caused you. If my death gives you any peace, so be it.

I want my friends to know it is not the way to die, but I belong to Jesus Christ. I confess my sins. I have…

Well here we are again folks, in the catacombs of justice. You know there is a lot I wanted to say - a lot I thought I'd say - but there is not a whole lot to say. There are people that will be mad thinking I try to seek freedom from this, but as long as I see - freedom belongs to me and I'll keep on keeping on. The shackles and chains that just might hold my body can't hold my mind, but will kill me otherwise. I love you momma, and Misty and Annette, Brenda and Anthony - and all my friends and everybody that supported me. I leave my love here; I am never going to stop loving you. My love is going to stay here.

I love you, Mom. Goodbye.

The best time in my life is during this period. If I had to do again, I would not change a thing. I have been touched by an angel's wings. If I had it to do again, I would change Dwyer's parents suffering, because I know they are. I know that is not going to eliminate the pain, because I have a child. God, I want to say something so bad. I appreciate the people that helped me out. I appreciate the people that helped me out, and uh, know that I love you, Angel and your family and all the people that helped me out. And if this takes the pain away, so be it. I love you. I'm ready to go.

I'll start by saying I love all of you. I will be waiting for your arrival, don't disappoint me by not showing up. I will be there with the give of Christ. We'll all be there. I promise I'll go up smiling. I am sorry. If I could think of a word in the vocabulary stronger, you need to hear something stronger, you deserve it. I'm sorry, I can't take back what I have done. I have asked Christ for forgiveness, and I ask that you forgive me. And I understand your feelings. God bless all of you. I will be waiting for your arrival. Do not disappoint me by not showing up. God bless everybody.

I deserve this. Tell everyone I said goodbye.

Darling Kerstin, these last few years have been blessed having you in my life. And to all my friends that have been out there, thank you for your friendship and support and all you have done for me. The guys back there waiting, keep the faith and stay strong and put your faith in the Lord. Many times in life we take the wrong road and there are consequences for everything. Mistakes are made, but with God all things are possible. So put your faith and trust in Him. We talk about a reprieve or stay from the Supreme Court, but the real Supreme Court you must face up there and not down here. Keep your heads up and stay strong. I love you all. That is it. Stay strong. Thank you.

First of all; Shonna talk to your brother. He'll tell you the truth about what happened to your husband. I told Bubba to tell you what happened. Now, my statement to the world: I am in the midst of truth. I am good, I am straight, don't trip. To all my partners, tell them I said like Arnold Schwarzenegger, "I'll be back." These eyes will close, but they will be opened again, my understanding of God is, Jesus has got me through. To my family, I love y'all.

1 Corinthians 12:31B – 13:13 (NIV)
And now I will show you the most excellent way.
If I speak in the tongues of men and of angels, but have not love, I am only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal. If I have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have a faith that can move mountains, but have not love, I am nothing. If I give all I possess to the poor and surrender my body to the flames, but have not love, I gain nothing.
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.
Love never fails. But where there are prophecies, they will cease; where there are tongues, they will be stilled; where there is knowledge, it will pass away. For we know in part and we prophesy in part, but when perfection comes, the imperfect disappears.
When I was a child, I talked like a child, I thought like a child, I reasoned like a child. When I became a man, I put childish ways behind me. Now we see but a poor reflection as in a mirror; then we shall see face to face. Now I know in part; then I shall know fully, even as I am fully known.
And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.

I'm innocent. I had nothing to do with my family's murders. I want to thank everyone who has supported me. I hope they continue to fight. You know who you are. That's all.
Thank you, Warden.

Debbie, my Baby, I love you; do you know I love you. You are my life. You are my wife - always stay strong. Stay strong everybody. I am innocent. I am being punished for a crime I did not commit. I have professed my innocence for nine years, and I continue to say I am innocent. Let my people know I love them. We must continue on. Do not give up the fight; do not give up hope for a better future. Because we can make it happen. I love you, I love my son, and I love my daughter. Bruno, Chuckie, Juanita, Ray - I love you, all of you. Stay strong baby. I love you forever.

First of all, I want to say God bless everyone here today. For many years I have done things my way, which caused a lot of pain to me, my family and many others. Today I have come to realize that for peace and happiness, one has to do things God's way. I want to thank my family for their support. I love you. I am taking you with me. You all stay strong. I love you. I also want to say thanks to the Chaplains who I have met through the years and who have brought me a long way. And I cherish you as my family and at this time...oh, Ken, my little son, I am coming to see you. Oh Lord, into your hands I commit my spirit. Thy will be done.

Can you hear me? Did I ever tell you, you have dad's eyes? I've noticed that in the last couple of days. I'm sorry for putting you through all this. Tell everyone I love them. It was good seeing the kids. I love them all; tell mom, everybody. I am very sorry for all of the pain. Tell Brenda I love her. To everybody back on the row, I know you're going through a lot over there. Keep fighting, don't give up everybody.

That each new indignity defeats only the body. Pampering the spirit with obscure merit. I love you all, that's it.

I love you, I love everyone, I go out with great love and respect. This is a great day to pass on. This so called dying. This is a great day to approach this glorious event. Approach the present. Thy will be done. I love you all.
Don't waste your time arguing and bickering. God loves you all. All that really matters is love. Love is the only thing for us. There is no closure without love.
Forgive one another. You got to learn how to forgive and embrace one another. Be one. Our love is just like...it is the nectar of God. We have so much to give when we give out of our hearts. The here is the wishing well that waters the tree.
I wish and desire one thing. I wish only the best for all of you. I love the love in every man and child. Mankind is my family and tribe. I am ready grumah.
A poet once said, '...is my country. There is no separation between you and me. There is no enemies, only family. I am a minister of love. I go out loving everyone and everything. God bless my...country. I shed tears of love may they nourish everyone.
Stop killing start loving. Stop the violence. Let my death change society. You don't need any more killing. You don't need any minimum, maximum security, death row. You don't need the death penalty. We need more loving fathers and mothers.
It is a good day to die. Take me God, Hold me in yours and carry me home.

Hey mom and pop. I love y'all, all of you people in there. You know, y'all have to come together, you too Terrella. y'all work on that. We all have to stand before God at the end of the day. Don't ever think you're perfect, none of us are perfect. God is the only one that is perfect. Jesus is perfect. I did wrong, now I am paying the ultimate price, even though it's a crooked way. I don't hate y'all. Don't judge, I'm not judging. God has to judge those people. I forgive. Always remember, Romans 12:19 is for real, hell is for real. If y'all don't have your life right, get it right. We all have to die to get to heaven. Get your life right with Christ; it's coming to an end. I'm talking to each and every soul in this building, in this room. I don't hate nobody, you're doing what you think is your job. God's law is above this law.
Hang on. Cowboy up, I'm fixing to ride. Jesus is my ride. Tell my babies daddy will look down on them. Put a "C" in his name for Carl. Tell my boys and tell Tracy to keep on keeping on. Love one another, go to church, change your life for Christ, live your life for Christ. All right, Warden. Terella, I feel it babe, love.

I would just like to say to my family that I am sorry for all the grief I have caused. I love you all. Tell Mama and the kids I love you; I love all of you. And I would like to clear some things up if I could. Tommy Perkins, the man that got a capital life sentence for murdering Kinslow -- he did not do it. I did it. He would not even have had anything to do with it if he had known I was going to shoot the man. He would not have gone with me if he had known. I was paid to shoot the man. And Martin, the younger boy, did not know what it was about. He thought it was just a robbery. I am sorry for that. It was nothing personal. I was trying to make a living. A boy on Eastham doing a life sentence for killing Jamie Kent - I did not do it, but I was with his daddy when it was done. I was there with him and down through the years there were several more that I had done or had a part of. And I am sorry and I am not sure how many - there must be a dozen or 14 I believe all total. One I would like to clear up is Cullen Davis - where he was charged with shooting his wife. And all of these it was never nothing personal. It was just something I did to make a living.
I am sorry for all the grief I have caused. I love you all. That is all I have to say.

Thank the Lord for the past 14 years that have allowed me to grow as a man –
To J.D.’s family, I am sorry for the suffering you have gone through the past 14 years. I hope you can get some peace tonight.
To my family, I am happy to be going home to Jesus.
Sweet Jesus, here I come. Take me home. I am going your way.

I would like to point out that I have written a statement and the Warden will give you a copy. I still proclaim I am innocent, and that’s all I have to say.

I wish everybody a good life. Everything is O.K.
